README.md, before:

# 🚀 Patika+ 4 Months Front-End Web Developer Bootcamp

[🇹🇷 Click for Turkish README](./README.tr.md)

This repository contains the projects and works I developed during the **Patika+ 4 Months Front-End Web Developer Bootcamp**.

---

## 🎓 About the Bootcamp

- **Date Range:** January 27, 2025 - May 27, 2025 (4 months)
- **Cohort:** We started our training asynchronously with an offline platform called "cohort"; our process was also supported by live classes.
- **Duration:** 4 months (16 weeks, total 126 days)
- **Total Study Time:** Approximately 630 hours
- **Projects:**
    - 8 **React.js** projects (including 3 final projects)
    - 4 **JavaScript** projects
    - 4 **Bootstrap** projects
    - 2 **Tailwind** projects
    - 5 **HTML & CSS** projects

### 🎯 Events
- 6 soft skill events
- 2 alumni talk events
- 2 speed networking events
- 28 Live Classes

---

## 🛠️ How to Use?

This repository uses [git submodules](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) for each project folder. To use or run the projects locally, follow these steps:

### 1. Clone the Repository with All Submodules

```sh
git clone https://github.com/tunahanyasar/Patika-Apps.git
cd Patika-Apps
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> **Note:** If you only clone the main repository, subproject folders will appear empty. The above commands ensure all project folders and their contents are downloaded.

### 2. Enter the Project Folder
- Navigate to the folder of the project you are interested in.
- Review the project documentation (if available) and README files inside each project.

### 3. Run the Project
- For **HTML/CSS/JS** projects: Open the `index.html` file in your browser.
- For **React.js** projects: Run `npm install` and then `npm run dev` in the relevant folder to start the project.

### 4. (Optional) Update Submodules
If you want to update all submodules to their latest versions:
```sh
git submodule update --remote --merge
```

---

## 📚 Projects
Each project has a detailed description in its own folder's README file.

### ⚛️ React.js  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)
* #### Library App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/library-app-frontend) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://library-app-frontend-omega.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;**3rd and Final Project.** A React-based application for library management. Includes book and author management, and borrowing operations.
* #### Question App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/question-app-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://hafta-11-question-app.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;**2nd Final Project.** A quiz application built with React that asks users multiple-choice questions and displays results.
* #### Sport Center | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/sport-center-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://sport-center-reactjs.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;**1st Final Project.** A comprehensive React application for a fitness center, featuring membership, BMI calculation, class schedules, and reviews.
* #### Spend Money App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/spend-money-app-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://spend-money-app-reactjs.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A React app that simulates spending virtual money on various products.
* #### Star Wars API | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/star-wars-api-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://star-wars-api-reactjs.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern React app integrated with the Star Wars API, providing information about starships and characters.
* #### Notes App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/notes-app-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://notes-app-reactjs-omega.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A simple and modern note-taking app built with React, allowing users to add and edit notes.
* #### Dice Game | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/dice-game-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://dice-game-reactjs-gilt.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern, fully responsive two-player dice game built with React and Vite. Users can change names, roll animated dice, and see instant results.
* #### Todo App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/todo-app-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://todo-app-reactjs-flame.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A user-friendly React app for creating and managing todo lists.

### :yellow_circle: JavaScript  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
* #### Asian Kitchen Menu | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/asian-kitchen-s-menu) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://asian-kitchen-s-menu.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A restaurant menu app dynamically created with JavaScript, featuring category filtering and a responsive design with Bootstrap 4.
* #### Sport Center Vanillajs | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/Hafta-8-Sport-Center) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://warm-pixie-710995.netlify.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A vanilla JS web app for a fitness center, including membership, BMI calculation, and class schedule features.
* #### Clock Javascript | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/clock-javascript) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://clock-javascript-sepia.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A JavaScript app that greets the user by name and displays a real-time digital clock, styled with Bootstrap.
* #### Todo List Js | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/todo-list-js) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://todo-list-js-wheat.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A simple todo list app built with vanilla JS, allowing users to add and check off tasks.

### :purple_circle: Bootstrap ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
* #### Blog Istanbul Tour | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/blog-istanbul-tour-bootstrap) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://blog-istanbul-tour-bootstrap.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern, responsive blog site themed around Istanbul tours, built with Bootstrap 4. Features categories, cards, and a fixed sidebar.
* #### Instagram Clone | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/instagram-clone-bootstrap) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://instagram-clone-bootstrap-three.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A social media clone closely resembling Instagram, built responsively with Bootstrap 4.
* #### Linkedin Clone | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/linkedin-clone-bootstrap) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://linkedin-clone-bootstrap.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A responsive clone of the LinkedIn homepage, built with Bootstrap 4, featuring a fixed chat and aside sections.
* #### Iphone15pro Landing Page | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/iphone15pro-landing-page) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://iphone15pro-landing-page-ten.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern landing page inspired by Apple's iPhone 15 Pro, built with Bootstrap 5 and various libraries.

### 🌊 TailwindCSS ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
* #### Landing Page Tailwind | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/landing-page-tailwind) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://landing-page-tailwind-alpha.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern, single-page landing page built with TailwindCSS. Features a responsive and stylish design.
* #### Review Page Tailwind | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/review-page-tailwind) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://review-page-tailwind.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A review page listing user feedback in a modern and responsive layout, built with TailwindCSS.

### 📝 HTML & CSS ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)  ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
* #### Survey Form | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/survey-form-html) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://survey-form-html-psi.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A simple and accessible survey form built with HTML, designed to collect user information.
* #### Tribute Website George Orwell | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/tribute-website-george-orwell) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://tribute-website-george-orwell.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A personal/tribute website for George Orwell, featuring biography and book highlights.
* #### Blog Page Istanbul Tour | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/blog-page-istanbul-tour) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://blog-page-istanbul-tour.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A two-page blog site about Istanbul tours, built with basic HTML and CSS, using semantic tags and modern web design principles.
* #### First Website | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/first-website-html)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A basic blog page built with HTML and CSS, featuring semantic tags and a well-organized content structure.
* #### Guide Website | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/guide-website-html) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://guide-website-html.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A multi-page guide website built with modern CSS and forms.
* #### Summary | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/summary-html) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://summary-html.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A personal summary and project showcase page, designed with clean and simple HTML/CSS.

---

## 🏅 Certificate

I successfully graduated from the bootcamp and earned a certificate.

<img src="images/certificate.jpg" alt="Patika+ Certificate" width="700px" />

[🔗 View My Certificate](https://cohorts.patika.dev/certificates/2o84KMFS)

---

## 📞 Contact

[Tunahan Yaşar](https://github.com/tunahanyasar)

* GitHub: [@tunahanyasar](https://github.com/tunahanyasar)
* LinkedIn: [Tunahan Yaşar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tunahan-yasar/)

Commit message:

Update README files to reflect new repository URL and improve clarity of cloning instructions

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Patika+ 4 Months Front-End Web Developer Bootcamp

[🇹🇷 Click for Turkish README](./README.tr.md)

This repository contains the projects and works I developed during the **Patika+ 4 Months Front-End Web Developer Bootcamp**.

---

## 🎓 About the Bootcamp

- **Date Range:** January 27, 2025 - May 27, 2025 (4 months)
- **Cohort:** We started our training asynchronously with an offline platform called "cohort"; our process was also supported by live classes.
- **Duration:** 4 months (16 weeks, total 126 days)
- **Total Study Time:** Approximately 630 hours
- **Projects:**
    - 8 **React.js** projects (including 3 final projects)
    - 4 **JavaScript** projects
    - 4 **Bootstrap** projects
    - 2 **Tailwind** projects
    - 5 **HTML & CSS** projects

### 🎯 Events
- 6 soft skill events
- 2 alumni talk events
- 2 speed networking events
- 28 Live Classes

---

## 🛠️ How to Use?

This repository uses [git submodules](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) for each project folder. To use or run the projects locally, follow these steps:

### 1. Clone the Repository with All Submodules

```sh
git clone https://github.com/tunahanyasar/patika-all-rojects.git
cd patika-all-rojects
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> **Note:** If you only clone the main repo, the subproject folders will appear empty. The [ git submodule update --init --recursive ] command downloads all project folders and their contents.

### 2. Enter the Project Folder
- Navigate to the folder of the project you are interested in.
- Review the project documentation (if available) and README files inside each project.

### 3. Run the Project
- For **HTML/CSS/JS** projects: Open the `index.html` file in your browser.
- For **React.js** projects: Run `npm install` and then `npm run dev` in the relevant folder to start the project.

### 4. (Optional) Update Submodules
If you want to update all submodules to their latest versions:
```sh
git submodule update --remote --merge
```

---

## 📚 Projects
Each project has a detailed description in its own folder's README file.

### ⚛️ React.js  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)
* #### Library App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/library-app-frontend) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://library-app-frontend-omega.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;**3rd and Final Project.** A React-based application for library management. Includes book and author management, and borrowing operations.
* #### Question App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/question-app-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://hafta-11-question-app.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;**2nd Final Project.** A quiz application built with React that asks users multiple-choice questions and displays results.
* #### Sport Center | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/sport-center-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://sport-center-reactjs.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;**1st Final Project.** A comprehensive React application for a fitness center, featuring membership, BMI calculation, class schedules, and reviews.
* #### Spend Money App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/spend-money-app-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://spend-money-app-reactjs.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A React app that simulates spending virtual money on various products.
* #### Star Wars API | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/star-wars-api-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://star-wars-api-reactjs.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern React app integrated with the Star Wars API, providing information about starships and characters.
* #### Notes App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/notes-app-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://notes-app-reactjs-omega.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A simple and modern note-taking app built with React, allowing users to add and edit notes.
* #### Dice Game | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/dice-game-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://dice-game-reactjs-gilt.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern, fully responsive two-player dice game built with React and Vite. Users can change names, roll animated dice, and see instant results.
* #### Todo App | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/todo-app-reactjs) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://todo-app-reactjs-flame.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A user-friendly React app for creating and managing todo lists.

### :yellow_circle: JavaScript  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
* #### Asian Kitchen Menu | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/asian-kitchen-s-menu) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://asian-kitchen-s-menu.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A restaurant menu app dynamically created with JavaScript, featuring category filtering and a responsive design with Bootstrap 4.
* #### Sport Center Vanillajs | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/Hafta-8-Sport-Center) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://warm-pixie-710995.netlify.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A vanilla JS web app for a fitness center, including membership, BMI calculation, and class schedule features.
* #### Clock Javascript | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/clock-javascript) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://clock-javascript-sepia.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A JavaScript app that greets the user by name and displays a real-time digital clock, styled with Bootstrap.
* #### Todo List Js | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/todo-list-js) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://todo-list-js-wheat.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A simple todo list app built with vanilla JS, allowing users to add and check off tasks.

### :purple_circle: Bootstrap ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
* #### Blog Istanbul Tour | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/blog-istanbul-tour-bootstrap) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://blog-istanbul-tour-bootstrap.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern, responsive blog site themed around Istanbul tours, built with Bootstrap 4. Features categories, cards, and a fixed sidebar.
* #### Instagram Clone | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/instagram-clone-bootstrap) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://instagram-clone-bootstrap-three.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A social media clone closely resembling Instagram, built responsively with Bootstrap 4.
* #### Linkedin Clone | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/linkedin-clone-bootstrap) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://linkedin-clone-bootstrap.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A responsive clone of the LinkedIn homepage, built with Bootstrap 4, featuring a fixed chat and aside sections.
* #### Iphone15pro Landing Page | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/iphone15pro-landing-page) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://iphone15pro-landing-page-ten.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern landing page inspired by Apple's iPhone 15 Pro, built with Bootstrap 5 and various libraries.

### 🌊 TailwindCSS ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
* #### Landing Page Tailwind | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/landing-page-tailwind) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://landing-page-tailwind-alpha.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A modern, single-page landing page built with TailwindCSS. Features a responsive and stylish design.
* #### Review Page Tailwind | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/review-page-tailwind) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://review-page-tailwind.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A review page listing user feedback in a modern and responsive layout, built with TailwindCSS.

### 📝 HTML & CSS ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)  ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
* #### Survey Form | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/survey-form-html) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://survey-form-html-psi.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A simple and accessible survey form built with HTML, designed to collect user information.
* #### Tribute Website George Orwell | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/tribute-website-george-orwell) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://tribute-website-george-orwell.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A personal/tribute website for George Orwell, featuring biography and book highlights.
* #### Blog Page Istanbul Tour | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/blog-page-istanbul-tour) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://blog-page-istanbul-tour.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A two-page blog site about Istanbul tours, built with basic HTML and CSS, using semantic tags and modern web design principles.
* #### First Website | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/first-website-html)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A basic blog page built with HTML and CSS, featuring semantic tags and a well-organized content structure.
* #### Guide Website | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/guide-website-html) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://guide-website-html.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A multi-page guide website built with modern CSS and forms.
* #### Summary | [🔗 Repo](https://github.com/tunahanyasar/summary-html) | [🌐 Live Demo](https://summary-html.vercel.app/)
  &nbsp;&nbsp;A personal summary and project showcase page, designed with clean and simple HTML/CSS.

---

## 🏅 Certificate

I successfully graduated from the bootcamp and earned a certificate.

<img src="images/certificate.jpg" alt="Patika+ Certificate" width="700px" />

[🔗 View My Certificate](https://cohorts.patika.dev/certificates/2o84KMFS)

---

## 📞 Contact

[Tunahan Yaşar](https://github.com/tunahanyasar)

* GitHub: [@tunahanyasar](https://github.com/tunahanyasar)
* LinkedIn: [Tunahan Yaşar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tunahan-yasar/)
